Wireguard subsection added to systemd article in Wiki (#518)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/maintain-guides-how-to-systemd.md

```bash
journalctl -f -u polkadot-validator
```

> ## Wireguard systemd configuration for Validator - Sentries VPN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Wireguard systemd configuration
```

> You can also restart automatically your VPN configuration among validator and sentries using the configuration you have already created in the [Set Up a Sentry Node - Public Node](maintain-guides-how-to-setup-sentry-node) article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can automatically restart your VPN tunnel between your validator and its sentries using the configuration you have already created in the [Set Up a Sentry Node - Public Node](maintain-guides-how-to-setup-sentry-node) guide.
```

> Create a another unit file called `wireguard.service` in `/etc/systemd/system/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a file called `wireguard.service` in `/etc/systemd/system`.
```

```bash
touch /etc/systemd/system/wireguard.service
```

> Then you will write the commands needed to start automatically the wireguard connection previously configured as `wg0` in the `wgo.conf` file under the `/etc/wireguard/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write the commands needed to auto-start wireguard previously configured as `wg0` into the `wgo.conf` file in the `/etc/wireguard/` directory.
```

```
[Unit]
Description=Wireguard VPN

[Service]
Type=forking
ExecStart=PATH_TO_WG-QUICK_BIN up wg0

Restart=always

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```

> The path to the wg-quick binary on Debian based distributions usually is: `/usr/bin/wg-quick`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The path to the wg-quick binary on Debian based distributions is usually: `/usr/bin/wg-quick`. If in doubt, run `whereis wg-quick`.
```

> To enable this to autostart on bootup run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this to autostart on boot:
```
